Update documentation-style-guide.md (#882)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/operations/company-processes/publishing/publishing-guidelines/voice-tone-and-writing-style-guidelines/documentation-style-guide.md

* **Write to facilitate scanning.** Readers need to find information quickly. People don't read documentation as much as they scan it for solutions to their immediate problem. Writing and presentation styles that seem redundant in essays or other texts are often helpful to people scanning for information.

## How we write things

One of our ongoing initiatives is to ensure our documentation is written in natural, clear language. We also focus on empathy and ensuring that we set our readers up for success. This section of the style guide is about content we reuse across our documentation. 

For details about how we write UI text, naming conventions for CTAs, and writing with empathy, take a look at the [User Interface Text Guidelines](operations/research-and-development/product/development-process/user-interface-text-guidelines.md).

### Tabbed content

> In tabbed content the wording needs to be exactly the same across all instances, for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When presenting content in tabs, tab names and introductory tab content must be exactly the same across all instances, for consistency.
```
